# Password Generator
### Instructions:
- Download `PWDGEN.zip` under releases.
- Extract the folder inside 'PWDGEN.zip' into desired directory.
- Run 'PWDGEN.exe'

### How to use:
- Default directory is "C:\Users\<user>\Documents, feel free to change the path
  - This is the directory the password will generate and save to.
- Category option has 3 sub-categories to help sort your passwords.
  - **GAME**: Any websites or launchers you decide to create an account on for games.
  - **PRIORITY**: Any important websites/places (e.g. bank account) you make your password.
  - **SPAM**: Any site/place where you might use a throwaway username/email and may want to keep access to.
- User type:
  - This is to help the text file that creates your user type and password.
- Length of password:
  - Goes from 8-16 characters total.
  - Password generation is completely random from 'a-z', 'A-Z', 0-9, and  symbols allowed by all websites. 
- Generated password:
  - After you have filled out all the boxes that NEED to be filled (namely category, user type, email/username, and title), the password can be generated by pressing `GENERATE`
  - Otherwise, it will inform you that you are missing required values.
  - You are able to press `GENERATE` as much as you want until you find a satisfactory password.
- SAVE:
  - Does two things:
    - Copies your generated password to the clipboard (BE CAREFUL!)
    - Saves the file to the directory in `Folder Path`:
      - makes sub-directories: `('\~PWD GEN\<CATEGORY>\<TITLE>.txt')`
- OPEN DIR:
  - Opens the directory in the folder path and traverses to the `PWD GEN` folder
- CLEAR:
  - For the benefit of the user; for clarity. Clears the input boxes.
